All right.
So now that we have the golden data set, we need to just see how we can create the test case um, which
is the LM test case format, which we did in our last section of the course as well, which is this
guy uploading the golden data set to evolve and doing all sorts of things.
So let me just do the exact same thing.
No change in here.
So I'm going to do the markdown and I'm going to say upload.
Uh the golden data set in uh two deep evolve like that.
And I'm going to copy I've already copied the code.
So I'm just going to paste that over here.
And we are going to push the code as well.
So I'm going to say dataset dot push.
This is going to be the uh testing uh tool calls something like that.
And I'm going to push the change over there.
Um, oh I guess what.
We forgot to actually include this guy.
So now I remember we need this one.
Uh, and, and and, and I'm going to go to this because without logging in, we can't really push the,
the data into the Cloud.
So yeah, that was something which was a miss in our last lecture.
There we go.
And you can see that this is going to go to the confident eye.
And it's going to put the data there pretty much like how we saw in our last section of this course.
I mean we don't really have to worry about this confident eye portal itself right now, as I told you,
because all we have to do is we are not going to use the evaluate feature at the moment.
And that's the reason why this thing that we are going to pushing into the, into the portal itself
is of not of any use, to be honest.
But guess what?
The the way that we do this evaluate data set over here has got a reason.
Because if you just see this data at the moment.
So if I just going to say, uh, that data set and if I try to run this data set, you will see that
the test case is kind of empty at the moment.
But the moment you do the data set dot pull and then you put this, uh, test case tool calling over
here.
And if you run this, it is going to pull the data from the, uh, from the cloud.
And if you just go and check the data set right now, it is the same data set that we have got.
If I run this, you'll see that you will have the, uh, test cases with the LM test case over here.
And this is coming only because while you do a push, and then if you do a pull from the deep data set,
the test cases will get populated for you over here.
This is the main reason why we need to do a do a push to the cloud and then pull to a cloud.
Pull from a cloud.
Yeah, that's the only reason why I am doing this way.
There may be some other way of doing this in a better way, but I think this is the what this is the
detail, what they have given in the documentation.
So I'm just following exactly what they have mentioned in the documentation as well.
So yeah, this is how you actually create the golden data set.
And then you push the golden data set to the deep eval.
And then you pull the data set and have your test case being populated for you over here.
And the next quest that we have is to actually call our AI agent and also create our, uh, our test
case with all the LM test case format, which has got, uh, which is going to have the, uh, the tool
calls and the actual output and all those details, like how we did in our last section of the course
for the RAC, the same thing we are going to be doing in our next lecture of this course.